GRSplit
----

GRSplit, a small policy splitter for Grsecurity RBAC policies

### Requirements

  * Python 2.7 or greater (Python 3.X supported)

  * A (working) policy file generated by **gradm**. It has been tested with a
    policy file generated via gradm-2.2.2.201111011031

### Usage

	usage: grsplit.py [-h] [-d DIRECTORY] [-i INCLUDE_PATH] [-b] [-v] policy

	a policy splitter for Grsecurity RBAC policies.

	positional arguments:
	  policy                policy file to be modified

	optional arguments:
	  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
	  -d DIRECTORY, --directory DIRECTORY
	                        use existing DIRECTORY as the directory to write files
	                        in (default: "/etc/grsec/roles")
	  -i INCLUDE_PATH, --include-path INCLUDE_PATH
	                        path used in main policy file when including external
	                        policy files. (default: "/etc/grsec/roles")
	  -b, --suppress-backup
	                        suppress backup file creation. (default: false)
	  -v, --version         show program's version number and exit	

### Description

Grsecurity RBAC policy is usually one single file containing information of every role
associated with the system. If you are like me, it's pretty obnoxious to find
entries linked to specific roles mixed up with others.

This script simply takes the single policy file, recognises where each role
has been defined and created a specific file with the role name. Such file is then
included in the main policy file.

### Warning

Please, be aware that this software has not been extensively tested. It is
likely to contain bugs, therefore it's adviced to make a hard copy of the policy
file before relying on this script.

### License

This script is released under MIT license.
However, if you use this script and you find some further improvements
and you want to share that with me, feel free to drop me a line. I'll be glad to hear that.

[Fabiano 'elbryan' Francesconi](http://blog.encomiabile.it)